Spring MVC is a web framework inside the Spring Framework used to build Java web applications.
It follows the Model-View-Controller architecture,  which separates an application into 3 main parts to make the code easier to manage and maintain.

MVC stands for
Model - represents the data and business logic of the application
View - the UI (User Interface) that the user sees
Controller - The controller handles user requests and decides what to do with them


Spring MVC Terms
- The DispatcherServlet acts as a front controller like it provides a single entry point for a client request to Spring MVC web application and forwards request to Spring MVC controller for processing.

- The DispatcherServlet is an actual Servlet ( it inherits from the HTTPServlet base class).

- handler method - A handler method is a method in Java class that handles incoming HTTP requests.

- Controller class - The Java class that contains these handler methods is called a controller class.

 Components in Spring MVC Architecture
 . DispatcherServlet (Front controller)
 . Handler Mapping
 . ViewResolver - Responsible for resolving view location
 . View Engine - Responsible for binding a model and view together, and it will produce a html response

 SpringBoot Auto Configuration for Spring MVC
. Spring Boot automatically configures a spring application based on dependencies present or not present in the classpath as a jar, beans, properties, etc.

. A typical MVC database driven Spring MVC application requires a lot of configuration such as Dispatcher Servlet, a View Resolver, Jackson, Data Source, Transaction Manager, among many others.

. Spring Boot autoconfigures a DispatcherServlet if Spring MVC jar is on the classpath

. Autoconfigures the Jackson if Jackson jar is on the classpath

. Autoconfigures the Data Source if Hibernate jar is on the classpath

. Spring Boot provides the spring-boot-starter-web library for developing web applications using Spring MVC

. THhe Spring Boot autoconfiguration registers and configures the DispatcherServlet automatically. Therefore, we don't need to register the DispatcherServlet manually